hi guys so today I'm going to be showing
you how to make a date jar that looks
like this I found this on Pinterest this
idea I will link that below I think you
can link Pinterest posts right I don't I
don't know so I'm gonna try to do that
so it wasn't my idea but mine doesn't
look a lot different than hers so I put
my own kind of twist on it and it just
has a bunch of little ideas in the jar
so there are three different things that
are color-coded there's red ones that
are more expensive purple ones that are
two dollars and the blue ones are free
ideas and I have like a little cheat
sheet I guess I don't know what you'd
call that on the top and a ribbon and I
just think it's super cute I will admit
it's a little cheesy just a little
cheesy um so if your boyfriend's not
really into this then just maybe not do
it but this doesn't even have to be just
for boyfriends it could be for your best
friend I mean don't put date jar on the
front maybe like put something else I
really like this idea cuz we get bored
all the time
so we have free cheap and expensive date
ideas now that we both came up with so
if you would like to learn how to make
this then just continue to watch just so
you guys know everybody's project will
be different you can approach this in
many ways but the way that I made it you
will need a scrapbook paper a mason jar
some ribbon a a piece of printing paper
that you can measure off of scissors and
extra a couple extra pieces of paper a
Sharpie pencil and some tape so with
those extra pieces of paper I'm going to
decorate my jar by saying date jar and I
did a pen in pencil first and then I
went over with it with a sharpie just to
make sure I liked it and now I'm just
decorating it I'm putting hard so you
can put whatever you want on it and I
use these funky scissors but you don't
have to use them there's a little extra
spot for my initials so I just put that
ere a little cheesy but you know what
the whole thing's cheesy so why not
and I'm using photo stickers to stick
this on I don't know why I didn't just
use regular tape I don't know I guess I
like making things more complicated but
you can just use regular tape I am gonna
be adding a red ribbon just to make it
seem more Ballantyne ish I don't know if
that's word but you know what whatever
[Music]
going on to how I actually made the
strips of paper with the date ideas on
them I use Photoshop and I realize a lot
of people don't have Photoshop so what
you can do is you can do it by hand a
lot of people like crafts like that they
do it by hand on paper write it out make
it fancy make it your own you could do
it on the word word is actually pretty
good when it comes to this stuff which
is I put on word to print it out after I
was done but I do realize a lot of
people do not have Photoshop so I
apologize for that but that's how I did
mine before we go and print it I want to
put the design paper on the printing
paper but as you can see the scrap paper
is way bigger than the printing paper so
I took a regular sheet of
eight-and-a-half by 11 and just trace it
so I was able to put it through my
printer without any problems
[Music]
so once you do that for all of your
paper you have regular printing paper
that you're able to print on your
computer on your printer but every
printer is different I want my date
ideas to be on the white side of the
paper so I have to put the design face
up in my printer but your printer may be
different so just check it out I
experiment a little with it to see how
that works we see when I put mine in the
design head up it flips it over so the
print is on the other side which is what
we want now I'm just kind of scanning
through a few of my ideas that you guys
could totally steal from me I just
really like these ideas that me and my
boyfriend came up like I said I'm sorry
this video is so cheesy but I still like
it it's still fun and crafty
[Music]
so here comes the not-so-fun part
single-handedly cutting out all of those
was seriously not fun at all just saying
there are many different ways that you
can put this in your jar you don't have
to do anything to it you can just put
them in there randomly I rolled mine off
and then I put some tape on it but I
didn't want the tape adhesive to be
really strong so it would rip the paper
so I kind of put it on my finger a few
times and then I I taped it but the
other ideas you can use stickers you
could use lots of other things with that
so to make the key you want to take your
lid and then a piece of paper and just
trace it around the piece of paper and
then cut it out so it will fit your lid
perfectly and here I'm cutting out
little scraps of paper that was leftover
from the scrap paper so I know which
colors to use and then I'm just
outlining them and putting down what
they are
[Music]
as you can see here I did add a boat to
my ribbon um I didn't film that so I'm
sorry I just thought it looked cuter and
then you just tape it the key to the top
so that's it guys I hope you liked it
like I said a bajillion times in this
video that there are so many different
ways you can approach this project and
that mind is not the only way if you
don't like the way mine looks that's
fine you can just make your own hi guys
I'm sorry this is kind of like an
informal little interruption but I kind
of was looking at my jar and I'm like
you know I don't really like how empty
it is so I actually added some cotton
balls and I don't know I think that's
cute - I just wanted out that I just I
thought it looked better so there you go
sorry that was really random but yeah
okay so now that you guys are done I
hope you really enjoyed this DIY and
then it comes in handy when you are
bored with your friend or boyfriend I
just hope you like this video I haven't
done the DIY in a while and I really
like this I thought it was super cute I
hope you guys have a lovely day
[Music]